How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helps by showing the lines where differences occur.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It helps me find the errors in new version and possibly go back to the older version.
    At least I always have a version with no bug.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    By creating it mannually, the user can decide exactly when to commit.
    So the commits are more meaningful and not so many unnecessary commits are created.
    On the other hand, it's possible that user may create too many changes before commit
    By doing it automatically, user can track the entire history of versions.
    On the other hand, too many unnecessary commits could be created since the change is so tiny
    In this way, it's hard to read and compare so many commits.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Sometimes the change may affect more than one file.
    So in this situation it makes more sense to save all these files in one commit.
    Saving them separately requires more effort from user to check them one by one. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    By typing git log in command line, a list of commit will be shown up.
    Then type git diff id1 id2, where id1 is the older commit id and id2 is the newer commit id. By this way, we can compare two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    So I can use git check to go back to previous version and see in which commit the bug was introduced.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here
